GROUP MEMBERS:
Jian Kang
Venkata Maganti
Luis Montano
Carlos Paz


TEST CASE DESCRIPTION:
Full-justified, single space, line length = 40


INPUT FILE:
It's never been done before and that's kind of the spirit everybody's taking it in. The other filmmakers aren't used to getting actors from other movies that other filmmakers have cast, certain plot lines that are 

connected or certain locations that are connected, but I think ... everyone was on board for it and thinks that it's fun. Primarily because we've always remained consistent saying that the movie that we are making comes 

first. All of the connective tissue, all of that stuff is fun and is going to be very important if you want it to be. If the fans want to look further and find connections, then they're there. There are a few big ones 

obviously, that hopefully the mainstream audience will able to follow as well. But ... the reason that all the filmmakers are on board is that their movies need to stand on their own. They need to have a fresh vision, a

 unique tone, and the fact that they can interconnect if you want to follow those breadcrumbs is a bonus.


EXPECTED OUTPUT FILE:
It's  never  been done before and that's
kind of the spirit everybody's taking it
in.  The other filmmakers aren't used to
getting  actors  from  other movies that
other filmmakers have cast, certain plot
lines  that  are  connected  or  certain
locations  that  are  connected,  but  I
think  ...  everyone was on board for it
and  thinks  that  it's  fun.  Primarily
because we've always remained consistent
saying that the movie that we are making
comes   first.  All  of  the  connective
tissue,  all of that stuff is fun and is
going  to  be very important if you want
it  to  be.  If  the  fans  want to look
further   and   find  connections,  then
they're  there. There are a few big ones
obviously, that hopefully the mainstream
audience  will  able  to follow as well.
But   ...   the   reason  that  all  the
filmmakers  are  on  board is that their
movies  need to stand on their own. They
need  to  have  a fresh vision, a unique
tone,   and   the  fact  that  they  can
interconnect if you want to follow those
breadcrumbs       is       a      bonus.


EXPECTED ANALYSIS:

No. of words processed: 178
No. of lines: 26
No. of blank lines removed: 4
No. of spaces added: 240
Avg. words per line: 6.846153846153846
Avg. line length: 40